# Generate New Datasets 

A custom split on the OGBL dataset can be created by running the `benchmarking/HeaRT_ogb/gen_synth_.py` script. Multiple options exist, including:

- `--data_name`: OGBL dataset to split. Note: does not work with other data formats.
- `--train_rat`: Lowest possible score to qualify as training sample (DEPRECATED, TODO: Remove)
- `--valid_rat`, Lowest possible score to qualify as valid sample, threshold between train and valid.
- `--test_rat`, Lowest possible score to quality as test sample, threshold between valid and test.
- `--split_type`, Heuristic function used to determine the dataset splits, current options are `CN`, `PA`, and `SP`
- `--num_runs`, Specify with an integer value for number of seeded datasets, our current experiments use default.
- `--num_samples`, Number of samples generated by HeaRT for each new dataset, default = 250.
- `--metric`, Heuristic used by HeaRT to generate samples, our experiments use the default = CN.
- `--inverse`, Specify in order to generate the inverse dataset splits, if the score would generate CN_0_1_2 then specifying inverse would generate CN_2_1_0
- `--debug_heur`, Print statements for sanity checking size, number of samples, assertions

# Dataset 

### To generate all datasets
```
cd benchmarking/HeaRT_ogb
bash gen_datasets.sh
```

### Example - Generate the OGBL-collab CN 0,1,2 Dataset, within the benchmarking/HeaRT_ogb folder
```
python gen_synth.py --data_name ogbl-collab --valid_rat 1 --test_rat 2 --split_type cn
```